Installer for Goodall Virtual Protocol Adapter & Multiware Framework

The collection of materials that comprise the VPA and MWFW2 work in
conjunction with a properly configured Debian-based Linux distribution.

This document explains the relationship between the VPA/mwfw and the
detailed configurations that constrain its operations.

Premise one: The admin user

    The user created during the linux install should be used as the
    admin user for Multiware. There are a number of reasons this is
    important, having to do with access control to application files.

    Multiware components of various types must be able to access the
    assets during operations. This includes:
    1. Multiware utilities run from the command line while logged in
    as the admin user.
    2. Web pages and CGI scripts accessed and executed from a browser.
    3. scripts and executables invoked by xinetd when requests arrive
    at specific TCP port numbers.

    Here is a snippet from my /etc/passwd file.
    doug:x:1000:1000:Douglas Wade Goodall,,,:/home/doug:/bin/bash

    And a snippet from the /etc/group file.
    goodall:x:1000:

Premise two: Sudo and the admin user

    The Multiware software does need to access host operating system
    features that may only be called by the root user or another
    user using the sudo command.

    Use of the sudo command is controlled using the /etc/sudoers file
    which can only be edited initially by the root user. The most
    direct method of granting global sudo access to the admin user is
    run the visodu utility, either as root ur using sudo.

    If you are logged in as root, then do the following on your terminal:
    # visudo

    If you are logged in as the admin user, do the following:
    $ sudo visudo
    You will be asked for the admin user password.

    The GNU nano editor will come up displaying the current contents of
    the /etc/sudoers file.
    1. Scroll to the bottom and under the line:
        @includedir /etc/sudoers.d
    enter the following line, with the name of your admin user substituted
    where I used doug below.

    doug    ALL=(ALL:ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL

    The enter control-O (^O) and control-x (^X) to write and exit.
    once you have done this, Multiware components will be able to perform
    required tasks without requiring any additional passwords.

Premise three: The Apache2 web server

    The Multiware system requires the proper installation and configuration
    of the Apache2 web server software. This is normally installed with a
    command such as "sudo apt install apache2", but this is done automatically
    by the installer program if the Apache2 server is not already installed.

    Once installed two additional command are required:
        a2enmod cgi
        a2enmod userdir
    These are also done by the installer.

    Also the modules-enabled/userdir.conf requires an ExecCGI added to its options.
    This is done by the installer.

    Also the modules-enabled/dir.conf requires "index.cgi" added to the list of
    enabling filenames. This is also done by the installer.

    Finally there needs to be two lines added to the /etc/apache2/apache2.conf
    file:
        ServerName <hostname>
        AddType		application/x-httpd-cgi	.cgi .py .dwg .sh
    These are also added by the installer.

Premise four: Development components required to build

